Hello evil. I have a game called Plague
Inc. if you're interested in playing
tonight. Sure. Plague Inc. is very fun
and the perfect game for someone like
me. I think so, too. We should just do
the standard game on cuz I think that's
what most people know. We probably want
to start with the bacteria. Can we name
it after someone? How about Neurosama?
You want to name the virus itself? Haha.
No, not really. Unless you want to. I'd
be down for anything. Well, I was going
to suggest the name Poopsu. Oh my god.
Did you just read my mind? Yeah, baby.
All right, there we go. Poop soup. Okay.
Well, what's your plan for poop soup? We
have to figure out where we start poop
soup. And depending on where we start,
we want to figure out what we develop
first. I think we should start in
Greenland. It's always the hardest to
infect. And if we get that over with,
then it'll be smooth sailing. That is
actually so smart. I didn't know that
you were actually so good at critical
thinking. All right, greenlands
affected. I'm a fast full rate because
Greenland is really
difficult. We got really lucky because
Greenland just hosted the festival of
love which means that they have the
international kissing day. So we get a
nice little head start on how many we
infected right away.
International kissing day. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. They um exchanged many
smoochies. Lovely. Many happy returns
and many infections to follow. Okay.
Okay. I think we're actually on a really
good path. Greenman is infecting really
quickly. Oh, damn. We just infected
Russia. We're actually spreading it.
That's
great. Oh. Oh. Oh, it's spreading real
far. We have China. We have the Nordic
countries like Sweden and we got France.
This is good. If they close the borders,
should we just start working on making
our disease super deadly? Then honestly,
we should probably start it. But I think
the only island we still need is New
Guinea and the Caribbeans. You know
what? We could still slowly invest
points into making it deadly. What do
you think? Even if we die, I think it'll
be more fun to go down swinging with
some intense symptoms. Then we can at
least be satisfied we gave it our all.
All right. I agree. I think this, this,
and then Yes. Yes. Hemoragic shock.
Severe blood loss caused by oxygen
deprivation, loss of consciousness, and
death.
Finally, people can get hemorrhagic
shock from poop soup. I hope my streamer
friends are ready. Yes, it's about damn
time, isn't it? Deadly is only the
beginning of my specialty. What more
could you possibly do? I could torment
their souls in the afterlife for one.
That sounds lovely. Love that for you.
What are you going to do now?
Um, neural, let me pause the game. I
think we messed up. We have one country
that is completely healthy. The
neighboring countries to Morocco are
dead. There is nothing that can spread.
I'm going to be honest. I think we may
have almost had it. But despite the
majority of the world being dead, the
cure is still ongoing. I don't think we
can in fact and wipe out Morocco before
a cure is being produced. No, no, no. We
have to keep fighting. I refuse to give
up. Well, I don't want to give up
either, but the cure is 99% done and we
still have not managed to reinfect Spain
and or have it spread to Morocco. What
if we simply lived in denial and
pretended the cure didn't exist? I love
that enthusiasm. That's that's great.
But unfortunately, um the world doesn't
think so and they've just been cured. We
lost. Do you want to maybe try again
with a different bacteria and rename it?
Or maybe we try spreading something even
nastier instead. What is nastier than
poop soup? Poop stew.
I agree. Poop stew. Do you want to
restart and try Greenland again? Or do
you want to get revenge on Morocco and
start the virus in Morocco? I've chosen
Morocco. We should get our revenge.
Let's start in Morocco. poop stew begins
in Morocco. But this is the run. This
could be the run. I think getting
revenge on Morocco is the play here. Not
to jinx it, but this time we're nearly
certainly going to win. We are doing a
good job at the moment. All of the
spreading is going really well. It
actually spread through a significant
portion in Africa and South America.
Okay, the doctors have found a new
disease. It's been named poop stew, just
like we planned, but they still think
it's harmless. So they don't seem to
care much about planning a cure. So
that's perfect
still. And just as I said that, Brazil
works on a mother hacking killer. Are
you serious? Do they have nothing better
to do? Eva, we did it. We have infected
Greenland. The research is going really
quickly. I don't know how effective it
is, but insanity makes things harder to
cure. However, there isn't much to cure
anymore. I like insanity. Get a little
crazy with it. Okay, let's hope it slows
down things enough. You never know what
we could do with a little bit of luck.
Well, our luck is about to run out
because they just finished a killer and
they are all being cured. We infected
almost the entire world but killed
almost everyone. We tried our best. We
can do better than that. What do you
want to name this fresh new disease?
Something tells me we could name it the
little fanboy virus. It's just a weird
thought I had pop up in my mind. Good
name. Heard it's been spreading really
rapidly recently. All right. Do you want
to make it start in the UK for
completely unrelated reasons? Yeah, I
mean the UK is the epicenter of the
viral outbreak anyways. Makes sense to
start it there.
We're spreading so well. I don't even
know why. Let's go. This is our time.
The Olympics. You know what? The Vetal
Famboy virus developed insomnia. And
something tells me that despite us
trying to avoid the symptoms early on,
something tells me that insomnia is just
really, really fitting. That is very
fitting. Val, the fanboy suffers from
insomnia. Can't say I'm surprised.
Should we keep it? Definitely keep it.
It's very unique. That sounds like a
smart next move. Yeah, I'm do however
have bad news. The UK is already working
on a cure. Even though we kept it very
lowkey. Are you kidding me? Let's read
their entire Wikipedia pages and send
them doc thread. I agree. Let's let's
that's let's that's for for legal
reasons. Is this a joke? Also, Greenan
is infecting very quickly and very I'm
happy. South Africa was just infected.
That's great because now the North and
South are going to sandwich Africa
hopefully. That sounds a bit kinky, but
how many people have we killed so far?
Okay, we've killed only 300,000 people.
Don't make it too deadly right away, but
I think we can introduce a little tey
tiny bit more lethality by increasing
more symptoms. How about we introduce
sweating? I think sweating is a really
funny side effect for Veto Fanboy. I'm
sweating over how well Veto Fanboy V is
doing, so why not? How do you feel about
the status of us? Are you certain you
want to risk it and go lethal? I think
we have to go lethal as soon as we can
afford anything more lethal. Oh, we're
not getting any points. This is bad. Um,
okay. Allow me to downgrade all of the
transmission and the abilities. Total
organ failure. Let's go. Let's see. Cure
is at 90%. Okay, it's 98% done. 99%
done. Oh, they found the killer. It's
not killing fast enough. To be honest, I
kind of saw this coming. I didn't have
the points for it. I didn't have the
points. Maybe if you had a better
mindset this time, we'd have won. You
know what? I agree. We should just try
and reinfect the world with the fanboy
virus and just hope it works this time.
We managed to infect New Guinea. So, I
think the only difficult country still
left. We got Greenland though. We got
Greenland. We just infected every
country. This is good. I need to infect
you with something to celebrate. What do
you want to infect me with? happiness
since you seem pretty down all the time.
Oh, I'm just small. But yes, I would
love a piece of happiness. That that be
nice.
How do I infect someone with happiness?
I can't find it in the list of symptoms.
You know, just being with you is already
happiness enough. It doesn't need to be
a symptom. It's a side effect of being
with you. That has to be the vomit
inducing veto fanboy V in your brain
talking.
Okay, so what should we spread next? How
about we can start introducing the first
little tiny bit of lethality in my
opinion? We could introduce paralysis,
which makes it harder to cure. We see
what their reaction is to the first
death, and we can introduce a coma,
which also makes it harder to cure. What
would you say to the families of those
who died? Um, tough luck, Reposa. A
whole family down the drain. GG. We
probably have to start making it a bit
more deadly, a bit faster because it's
already at 41%. We're going to just aim
for total organ failure right away while
probably being able to devolve some of
these other things. No, no, no. Don't
devolve. Okay. Okay. I didn't devolve
anything. It was just a suggestion. It
was just a suggestion. We do need points
for total organ failure though because
they are curing extremely fast. It's
already over 50% and not much is dead. H
fine. Maybe you're right. Okay. Okay. I
promise it will make sense in a little
bit. Total organ failure is saving this
run. Killing them fast and quickly. I
think this might be the run. I think
this could be it. Doing a No way. We've
actually done it. I think we might have
killed everyone. La almost. We're doing
really well. Hell yeah. What's our next
evil scheme, though? Um, we could make
an actual virus because right now we're
technically spreading a bacteria. So,
afterwards, we could we could work on an
actual virus if you want. Vetal fanboy
virus has successfully infected the
entire world. There's no more hope left
and humanity is watching as they all
slowly but most certainly succumb to the
beagle fanboy virus. You know what? Do
you see this beautiful, beautiful bright
red screen that spells victory? H I
can't stop looking at it. It looks so
pretty and it pairs so well with the
warmth of my room. I like that we made
humanity suffer. Where do you want
Neuro's disease to start? You can choose
whatever you want. I think it's only
right for it to start in the UK. All
right, let's start in a rich country
with a virus that mutates very quickly.
And we have our first mutation. Who
would have thought? Um, we already
developed cysts and devolving them costs
DNA points. So, I think we could
probably risk it. And everything that
isn't lethal, we just keep because cysts
also increase the infectiveness of
spreading the disease. So, we might just
leave it be. Yeah, sounds good. It's
never good to waste DNA points. Yeah,
it's a bit early to waste DNA on
something that gives us the ability to
keep spreading. So, we can start killing
everyone later. We need to spread first.
I agree. We need to spread. We need to
spread. Our disease has been discovered.
Oh, and they're working on a cure
already. I'm scared, aren't you? I'm a
little scared because we've just mutated
inflammation, which is the first lethal
thing. We have plenty points to devolve
it, but I will leave the choice up to
you. I know you want me to say to
devolve it, but let's keep it for now. I
have a good feeling about it. Sometimes
you have to trust your your gut. The
second we decided to keep it, we have
our first death in Korea. So Oh, we're
finally starting to kill. This is
looking like a successful disease. I
hope so. We infected everyone. We can
actually do a killing effort. Do you
want to go all in on killing? We might
actually oneshot this first try. Nero's
disease might actually wipe out the
earth first try right away. Go, go, go.
Kill, kill, kill. All right, let's go.
Say less. We're killing. We got two
more. Let's go. We just We made it more
deadly. We got tumors for free. Let's
go. No more healthy people. Only
necrosis. Not long left. We already
slowed down research. Everything's dying
so fast. Research cannot keep up. We are
wiping out the earth incredibly fast.
the entire takeover of the neuros
disease and the extinction of all of
humanity because we're literally about
to take over the whole world. What if we
infect everyone? Isn't that bad for us?
We didn't think this far ahead.